matter_weather_station: add identify & power source clusters (#6147)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Thingy:53: Matter weather station
---------------------------------

> * Added:
>   * Support for Power Source cluster to expose information about the battery.
>   * Support for Identify cluster, using the built-in buzzer to ease finding the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added:

  * Support for the Power Source cluster, used to expose information about the battery.
  * Support for the Identify cluster, which uses the built-in buzzer to help find the device.
```
Are these additional clusters visible in the Android CHIPTool mobile app next to Sensor Clusters?

Author: No, Android CHIPTool currently doesn't support these clusters.
